Advanced testing of ICT tools, systems and processes based on threat led penetration testing 
1.Financial entities identified in accordance with paragraph 4 shall carry out at least every 3 years advanced testing by means of threat led penetration testing. 
2.Threat led penetration testing shall cover at least the critical functions and services of a financial entity, and shall be performed on live production systems supporting such functions. The precise scope of threat led penetration testing, based on the assessment of critical functions and services, shall be determined by financial entities and shall be validated by the competent authorities. 
For the purpose of the first subparagraph, financial entities shall identify all relevant underlying ICT processes, systems and technologies supporting critical functions and services, including functions and services outsourced or contracted to ICT third-party service providers. 
Where ICT third-party service providers are included in the remit of the threat led penetration testing, the financial entity shall take the necessary measures to ensure the participation of these providers. 
Financial entities shall apply effective risk management controls to reduce the risks of any potential impact to data, damage to assets and disruption to critical services or operations at the financial entity itself, its counterparties or to the financial sector.
At the end of the test, after reports and remediation plans have been agreed, the financial entity and the external testers shall provide to the competent authority the documentation confirming that the threat led penetration testing has been conducted in accordance with the requirements. Competent authorities shall validate the documentation and issue an attestation. 
3.Financial entities shall contract testers in accordance with Article 24 for the purposes of undertaking threat led penetration testing. 
Competent authorities shall identify financial entities to perform threat led penetration testing in a manner that is proportionate to the size, scale, activity and overall risk profile of the financial entity, based on the assessment of the following: 
(a)impact-related factors, in particular the criticality of services provided and activities undertaken by the financial entity; 
(b)possible financial stability concerns, including the systemic character of the financial entity at national or Union level, as appropriate;
(c)specific ICT risk profile, level of ICT maturity of the financial entity or technology features which are involved. 
4.EBA, ESMA and EIOPA shall, after consulting the ECB and taking into account relevant frameworks in the Union which apply to intelligence-based penetration tests, develop draft regulatory technical standards to specify further: 
(a)the criteria used for the purpose of the application of paragraph 6 of this Article; 
(b)the requirements in relation to:
(i)the scope of threat led penetration testing referred to in paragraph 2 of this Article; 
(ii)the testing methodology and approach to be followed for each specific phase of the testing process; 
(iii)the results, closure and remediation stages of the testing;
(c)the type of supervisory cooperation needed for the implementation of threat led penetration testing in the context of financial entities which operate in more than one Member State, to allow an appropriate level of supervisory involvement and a flexible implementation to cater for specificities of financial sub-sectors or local financial markets.. 
The ESAs shall submit those draft regulatory technical standards to the Commission by [OJ: insert date 2 months before the date of entry into force].
Power is delegated to the Commission to supplement this Regulation by adopting the regulatory technical standards referred to in the second subparagraph in accordance with Articles 10 to 14 of Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010, (EU) No 1095/2010 and (EU) No 1094/2010, respectively.
